zip: refresh (#7827)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/zip.md

> Package and compress (archive) files into zip file.
> More information: <https://manned.org/zip>.

> - Package and compress files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Package and compress the specified files:
```

`zip {{path/to/compressed.zip}} {{path/to/file1 path/to/file2 ...}}`

> - Package and compress files and directories recursively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Package and compress the specified files and directories recursively:
```

`zip --recurse-paths {{path/to/compressed.zip}} {{path/to/file_or_directory1 path/to/file_or_directory2 ...}}`

> - Archive a directory and its contents with the highest level [9] of compression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Archive the specified directory with the highest level (9) of compression:
```

`zip -{{9}} --recurse-paths {{path/to/compressed.zip}} {{path/to/directory}}`

> - Create an encrypted archive (user will be prompted for a password):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create the encrypted archive (user will be prompted for the password):
```

`zip --encrypt --recurse-paths {{compressed.zip}} {{path/to/directory}}`

- Exclude unwanted files from being added to the compressed archive:

> `zip --exclude {{path/to/exclude}} --recurse-paths {{compressed.zip}} {{path/to/directory}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`zip --exclude {{path/to/file1 path/to/file2 ...}} --recurse-paths {{compressed.zip}} {{path/to/directory}}`
```

Reviewer 2: I think the current example is better.

- Add files to an existing zip file:

`zip {{compressed.zip}} {{path/to/file}}`

> - Delete files from an existing zip file:

Reviewer 3: This is more precise.
```suggestion
- Delete entries from an existing zip file:
```

> - Add files to an existing zip file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the specified files to the existing zip file:
```

> `zip {{compressed.zip}} {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`zip {{path/to/compressed.zip}} {{path/to/file1 path/to/file2 ...}}`
```

> `zip --delete {{compressed.zip}} "{{foo/*.tmp}}"`

Reviewer 3: Provide 3 useful syntax.
```suggestion
`zip --delete {{compressed.zip}} "{{foo/file}}" "{{foo/bar/*}}" "{{*.ext}}"`
```

> - Delete entries from an existing zip file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the specified entries from the existing zip file:
```

> `zip --delete {{compressed.zip}} "{{foo/file}}" "{{foo/bar/*}}" "{{*.ext}}"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`zip --delete {{path/to/compressed.zip}} {{path/to/file_to_remove1 path/to/file_to_remove2 ...}}`
```

- List files within a specified archive (without extracting them):

> `zip --show-files {{compressed.zip}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`zip --show-files {{path/to/compressed.zip}}`
```

> - List files within a specified archive (without extracting them):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List files within the specified archive (without extracting them):
```
